The first kick-off meeting. First the opening,. then the rest. We have to make a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy and user-friendly. So we will get back th on that. First we have to make a functional design. After that we have to make a conceptual design,. and then after that a detailed design. So we'll discuss that later. So first to we have to make a small painting. First you can save the documents. We have to do that every time we make something. And we have to use the pen and the eraser. We all have to use this one. So I'll make an example. you can change some things. format, line, and change it. And you can change the colour. So and after it you have to save it. So you're next. Now next. The budget. we will sell the at twenty five Euros. And we have only twenty of twelve and a half Euro to make it. First I wanna hear from you. what are your experiences with remote controls.
Big one, they are not easy to use. And big buttons,. that's easier to use than I think. Big buttons, positive.
Well I think the the the goal of a remote control is that it's it it has an influence on the TV set. And that it controls the channels and the the volume. And I I I think it's positive if there's a a LED a LED on the corner of the of the remote. And that if you push the button the LED gives a light, and and you see that it's working. But I my my experience is that it it it's convenient to have that.
At home we have a TV, a video recorder, a DVD player, and a satellite receiver. We have four distinctive remote controls for that. That's not really ea easy. So it would be nice if we have one for all.
For our own remote control we have to think how do we make it. So what ideas do you have for it, for the new remote control?
The weight. Not not too heavy. Not much buttons. That when you drop it, it won't break. Like some kind of rubber on it. Or hard hard plastic. something like when you lose your remote control, sometimes it happen. it between the couch and you can't find it. When you push a but a button on the TV, then you hear some some sort of bleep.
Yeah well that's that are good ideas. And looking on the budget, not too expensive material. So probably plastic or something.
Yeah I think it from a marketing point of view, it also has to look nice. on our website we can see what products we already have. And it should work with as many as possible of them.
It it won't take a lot of batteries. So you don't won't have to change the batteries once a week or once every two weeks.
It's only the first ideas. what are we going to do now is Next meeting is in half an hour. what you have to do. Well look on your. And Next instructions you'll get in your email. So